Let's say that you have a workbook that has its data source in a different server,
for example,
or that this workbook is a shared workbook between you and your colleagues,
and you need to make sure to refresh the pivot table on it whenever you open the workbook.
So whenever you open the workbook,
you refresh it manually by right clicking and then clicking on refresh.
Well,
this could make you prone to forgetting to refresh the workbook,
right?
So what you can do is that you can make the pivot table get refreshed automatically
whenever you open the workbook.
And to do that,
you can right click on the pivot table and then go to pivot table options and then go to
the data top here.
And then there is an option.
He refresh data when opening the file.
If you check the option and press OK,
your data will be refreshed whenever your workbook is opened.
So this is how you can refresh your data automatically whenever you open your workbook.